The most important problem has been a confusion between the behavior of light mixtures, called additive color, and the behavior of paint, ink, dye, or pigment mixtures, called subtractive color. This problem arises because the absorption of light by material substances follows different rules from the perception of light by the eye.
A second problem has been the failure to describe the very important effects of strong luminance (lightness) contrasts in the appearance of colors reflected from a surface (such as paints or inks) as opposed to colors of light; "colors" such as browns or ochres cannot appear in mixtures of light. Thus, a strong lightness contrast between a mid-valued yellow paint and a surrounding bright white makes the yellow appear to be green or brown, while a strong brightness contrast between a rainbow and the surrounding sky makes the yellow in a rainbow appear to be a fainter yellow, or white.
A third problem has been the tendency to describe color effects holistically or categorically, for example as a contrast between "yellow" and "blue" conceived as generic colors, when most color effects are due to contrasts on three relative attributes that define all colors
Color is a microconsciousness. Color helps us to understand the world around us. It gives us elementary survival skills, color also enriches our lives, allowing us to appreciate everything from the beauty of a rainbow, to the aesthetic pleasure of a painting. Many artists have explored the "essence" of things, and they divided the visual experience into components, such as "color" and "form," in a manner surprisingly similar to the way in which our brain processes information.
The color process is a far more complicated than just a recording of wavelengths of light rays that reaches our eyes. Color constancy is the amount of light of any given wavelength reflected from a surface constantly changing, depending upon the type of light in which it is viewed. Color constancy makes us see a banana as yellow in different illuminations. Color constancy ensures that we do not see a piece of chalk on a cloudy day as having the same color as a piece of coal on a sunny day. If it were not for color constancy, we would perceive the banana or the chalk in different lights as having all possible shades that lie between black and white.
Color is a property of objects that our minds create - an interpretation. This interpretation helps us acquire knowledge about the properties of surfaces. To construct colors, our subconscious mind analyzes ratios of the signals from photoreceptors in the retina. We take our ability to see color for most of us for granted, yet it is a highly complex process that begs the question of whether the "red" or "blue" we see is the same "red" or "blue" that others see. With all the beauty in color there is a small population who is color blind to some colors.
